docs: update runtime-config section (#4285)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.guide/2.features/10.runtime-config.md

# Runtime Config

> Nuxt provides the runtime config API to expose config within your Application and API routes and update it at runtime using environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nuxt provides a runtime config API to expose config within your application and server routes with the ability to update them at runtime using environment variables.
```

If you want to use the runtime config within any (custom) plugin, you can use `useRuntimeConfig()` inside of your `defineNuxtPlugin` function.

For Example:

```ts
export default defineNuxtPlugin((nuxtApp) => {
  const config = useRuntimeConfig()
  console.log('API base URL:', config.public.apiBase)
});
```

### API routes

> You can access runtime config within the API routes by directly importing from virtual `#nitro`.

Reviewer: Shall we remove this since we have auto-import on server part now?

```ts

> import { useRuntimeConfig } from '#nitro'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const config = useRuntimeConfig()
```
